docs: Add explanation about font-display (#44001)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/font-optimization.md

npm install @next/font
```

### Choosing font-display

> [`font-display`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-display) lets you to control how your font is displayed while it's loading. `@next/font` uses `font-display: optional` by default. When the primary font used by `@next/font` does not load within 100ms, the auto generated fallback font will be displayed in the browser. While it is automatically generated to be as visually similar to the primary font as possible to reduce layout shift, it does come with the tradeoff that your intended font might not be shown on slower networks unless it's cached.

Reviewer: "might not be shown on slower networks unless it's cached."

I don't understand how caching affects the first display of the font. If the network is slow, and it takes longer than 100ms, it doesn't matter if it's cached - right? 

Or is this trying to say that on the _next_ visit it would be shown since it is now cached in the user's browser from the first session?

Author: >Or is this trying to say that on the next visit it would be shown since it is now cached in the user's browser from the first session?

Yeah, this. Unless it's in cache.

> [`font-display`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-display) lets you to control how your font is displayed while it's loading. `@next/font` uses `font-display: optional` by default. When your intended font used by `@next/font` does not load within 100ms, the auto generated fallback font will be displayed in the browser. While it is automatically generated to be as visually similar to the intended font as possible, reducing layout shift, it does come with the tradeoff that your intended font might not be shown on slower networks unless it's cached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`font-display`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-display) lets you to control how your font is displayed while it's loading. `@next/font` uses `font-display: optional` by default. When the primary font used by `@next/font` does not load within 100ms, the auto generated fallback font will be displayed in the browser. While it is automatically generated to be as visually similar to the primary font as possible to reduce layout shift, it does come with the tradeoff that your intended font might not be shown on slower networks unless it's cached.
```
